Okay, we'll get started with the Omnia Provisioning Team Sprint for demo. So, I mean, just wanted to call out everybody's efforts in this sprint, actually, because,
This was actually from provisional team point of view. This was a very much critical spring, and I think we have done a very good job, as I think, and their team has done very well. So there are a lot of
I think we have worked on 5 epics in one sprint, that is something we were not normally used to do. Five epics, we were working parallel in one sprint, and we were able to complete most of the things, and thanks to everyone who has worked on this, so I will…
Yes. Yeah. So, we will, I will just…
goal one by one. So, so… so first we'll, have a nary milestone, three tasks where we have implemented, passcat log, generate input file by way, you know, then local repo and playbook virtual by Rajesh, and then build image by Preeti and, and support by Kratika, and…
complete GitLab configuration has been done by Milesha, then, testing support by Balaji, and… so then we have the Omnia Core upgrade task, and I was, really appreciate, Sajini and Midlesh for the, they have came up, and they were able to, do a great job, like.
I was initially thinking, basically, we can have a basic upgrade flow. I was pulled… even… we have completed the story, and we have even pulled in the dates for the upgrade task, so thanks for that, and even Sushmita was able to pick up the test scenario and was able to complete it on time, and…
Then, Netra was able to, handle that telemetry individually, and drive that complete telemetry for add and remove node, along with Sashi, and thanks, Sashi, for that extended support.
Then, due to time crunch over me and SFM, there are some changes to be done for the playbook, so that I have taken myself, and, Prashant is working on the testing, and,
we have completed the additional packages, and and Vasan was clinical on all the document updates we have each and every sprint, so thanks, Vasan, for that, and…
Yeah, so that's the main agenda, and it's just to,
start before… just wanted to have that burndown chart to show on everybody, so… so, this is the current burndown chart we have, and I think we have done a…
good job in this print for this, burndown chart, because, initially, we started with the 117 story points, and, I know it went a little bit deeper, in some places where we had an issue on Friday, or there are some issues, but mostly it went down, and we were almost on the line, and,
So, initially, it started with 117 story point, and, the total story point for this sprint day alone is around 137, 130, and there are many people who have worked on overnight, night, like, 10 points, people have worked 15 story points, 16 story points, like.
So, thanks for everyone, and yeah, I'll hand over, as, Devils and Under will, start with the upgrade flow. I will start, make them, Saojini and Midlesh get started with upgrade flow, and then we will get over to the, NRE Milestone 3.
Thank you.
No, total we completed, 141, it is there, no, yeah.
We completed the original scope, what we do. Original scope plus additional scope.
Yeah, this was happened because everybody was contributed, like, and we had to push everyone to get this. Yeah, thanks.
Thank you all.
I let South Jinier Dilesh get started with the upgrade.
It can join this one.
Soon, so on.
So I'm going to join.
Okay, mate.
Hey guys, how you doing?
Hello, everyone. Today, I would be showing the demo of the upgrade flow.
Thank you. Thanks, Speaker.
As we all, in the upgrade flow, we have, come up with the three new options,
That is, the,
That is, upgrade, rollback, and the version. Now, we have included these three options in the help command, as moving forward.
We have to download the new Omnia.sh shell script, and now, we can see that, the user first currently will be in the version, Omnia version 2.0.0.
We have come up with the command now. We are getting it from the metadata.
So, this is existing in the PD today? No, 2.1 onwards. 2.1. We are releasing this in all three new features in the 2.1. Okay, so this…
You gotta…
deriving this value, or we are storing this file? Deriving. We are storing and deriving. I mean, yeah, it's stored in some file. Now, 2.0 RC… 2.1RC1 is deployed on EAS.
That we cannot get it. We won't have that, right? Yes, yes.
Okay, so when they take the 2.7GA,
RC2 onwards, you will see this.
RC2 onwards, they will be able to see the 2.1 RC1 also?
No, no, no. This is a specific tool, or…
2.1 or not, but this shell script… because that shell script is different, then. This is the updated now. Okay.
The user would be currently in the Omnia version 2.0.0.
Then, if we check the permanent, containers running.
Alright, we can see that Omnia Core 1.0 container is being, as of running currently. Now we have captured this, after the prepare OEMs, after running the Playbook Prepare OEM.
And then, if we are now logging into Omnia Core Container also, we can check the, metadata. It is also with the Omnia version 2.0.0.
As of now, the input files now, in the Omnia version 2.0, the input files are the default, input files.
These are the… this is the default, input file of the version 2.0.0.
One of the prerequisites of the upgrade or the rollback, flow is that the image, the image for which, the user is being upgraded, it has to be locally present. For that, the user has to run the command build images to get the image locally present.
One thing, to call out that here, if you see 2.1 tag, so that for now, we have decided that Omnia, for every version, the first two digits will be taken as the core tag version.
Excellent.
He's anxious to present. Get you a chance, don't worry. So, Omnia Core 1.0 was there in 2.0, it'll become 2.1. So it will jump from 1.0 to 2.0. Only for the Omnia versions 2.0.0, we have kept the default as Core Container Tag 1.0. Any other versions, next all versions, we are taking the first two digits.
Yeah, keeping it as code, I think.2 will give you only have code in .2.
Huh.
Then the upgrade is actually a two-step process. The first step would be, running the command omnia.sh upgrade, hyphen hyphen upgrade. Here, it will display to their users the current Omnia version which the user is being in, and the core container tag of that version.
And then it will show the available upgrade options. And now, as of now, we have created a list file, where it has all the Omnia versions being present.
And, we are checking that any, now we are checking when upgrade, function is being called, the versions above the upgrade is being listed in the available upgrade options. User can, go to any, option which is being… getting upgraded.
Huh. Huh.
Now that we will see if we can do it. For now, we… we have introduced the framework. We introduced the framework enough.
My 8th, At this point in time, be very clear when you're stating.
that we will go end to N plus 1 only. For now, it is only N plus 1, but the framework is simply manual in any time if you wanted to do anything, but if it is NNN plus 1, this also will work. But here we are displaying is the next available version we are displaying here.
Because there can be some time, there can be patch version. So, the reason being, listing the available version is, you can have a patch version.
Beautiful.
Beautiful.
Do not zero.
No, no, not 2.2, but if there is a patch version, that's it. Yeah.
Do we support the integration from the coup?
Not one, or to the patches.
And that's right, if we have to support that patch version upgrade, that is simplified.
We need a proper strategy.
Yeah, so that… so we… so for now, what we have done is we have done a framework. So now, we considered in mindset that it is always N plus 1, but the framework is ready to list the available version, and… Make sure it cannot go N plus 1, anything beyond that. Okay.
So, Sujit, like how we had for OMSA, we need to have a proper documented upgrade path, or a rollback path, including how to deal with the patches, right? Patches have to become inclusive
In the next…
in the major version. Yeah. Right? And if, ideally, patches also should be cumulative. If I have the second patch that should be built on top of the first patch, that's preferably, unless there is a violent reason why it should not be.
Okay.
We need to document that first, we need to review that with Peter and everybody else. Only then we can implement the framework to do that behavior.
Yeah, that we will come… actually.
This script is downloaded by user, and there was an issue in Word, we will keep that JSON, so that is my reason we were going this approach.
And then user has to go with the… which the… which of the version that he's going… is being upgraded to. Then it will have a pre-upgrade validation, which checks the… whether the image is being locally present or not. If not, it will fail in the phase one. And then, the second phase is the approval gate. It is…
getting an approval from the user again to go forward with the new version, the targeted Omnia version. Then it is also stating the backup destination, where the current version which it is running.
where that version is being stored. And then, if it is being approved by the user, it moves forward.
And then the sheikh.
It's a really good step.
then it'll be… No, typically in the cleanup way, Excel is going to be… No, not this NFS.
That is slamming case, okay?
Then Phase 3 is the backup creation, where that folder would be created, and Phase 4 would be the container swap, where it would stop the Omnia Core Container 1.0, and would start with the 2.1 quadlet unit, and it would check all the health metrics of that container.
And how do you verify the integrity of the backup data?
Backup data, very integrity, like, we are keeping whatever that input file in that backup folder for now. I mean, we are not… whatever in the user's current NFS share, we are just copying to NFS share.
So, if that backup is not being created, it will fail in that stage. It will not…
That is coming in the next tour.
That check would happen in the next, wherein the next step would be the…
Not being the same… hierarchy.
Right? It should not be the same… ideally the same partition, if you will.
Okay. Idiot.
So that by mistake, if somebody blows it away, you can't restore it back.
Currently, we have… we didn't take an extra input. Whatever user has given, the same NFS share has been used for now. I mean, we have not taken a… NFS share is okay, but it should not be in the same as the fold, doesn't it? No, hierarchy is different, but same NFS share.
Let me take a different folder. Different folder.
We need to make sure no manual or any bug doesn't remove your backup.
Currently, yeah, it's kept separate like that. Every folder we kept like that in NFS, so that's really kept in that NFS. Yeah, I think that's where this, upgrade strategy, I think we need to really review how to ensure integrity of the preparation for the upgrade.
Okay. But everything is different, or you find?
It should be okay, but what I'm saying is, there are multiple folders that we are taking backup of, right? All this backup has to be at the time stamped.
It cannot be this one, right? So, what is the way we are ensuring that nothing, no user changes are triggering at that time of taking the backup?
Right? Ideally, the… this one put it in a maintenance mode, and then I start my upgrade. Prevents anybody from coming in and doing it. But these are all flag files. How do I prevent the…
users from, editing it while I'm upgrading my…
Yes, prerequisites you are writing, right? We are doing some operations, like, we have…
Now, that we said, we'll take it from the next one, currently this one. Yeah. Volume. That we are…
We have documented. And we are not yet done. We are going to do next. Document. Which phase you should run the… That we should go with this…
That document should go with this one.
But it should be automated in the next one, where when you say upgrade, it needs to check for that set of things, programmatically if possible, and say, hey, this is not in that state. Like, when you shut down your machine, it will say, hey, these files are still open.
Right? Exactly. Exactly same behavior. Just like an Omnia stage, currently we don't have Omnia stage tracking.
Whatever stages are Omnia executed, is any Omnia playbook is in running.
That is why we are having that issue. Currently, that is not there, but we are planning to do that and make it ready for next year. Whatever is a safety net we can build, right? It could be as simple of, okay, grasp for it in DPS, and see if there is anything active.
Right? Then you say, okay, it cannot be.
Right? So, whatever safety net we can provide visibility to. We may not be able to enforce it in this point in time, but at least visibility to saying, okay, you're taking a chance with the state of the backup. Okay.
Okay, the process for this is simple, but the impact of doing something wrong is catastrophic. Okay.
Obviously, it is only documentation. Ensure all these things is verified manually before you start. Yeah, it's upon the user not to run, you know, the playbook.
Also, in the documentation, right, you may want to capture, like, what services we trusted, During that period.
something like, build image in an R2, regularly, but that cloud will be running all the time, right? So authentications are always sitting in your VIN. No, not today. I think only 4 content here, but when you are… Doing that something? So you need to…
Yeah, no, this was a lot of the HA partner.
Before we even become 18.
We don't have roads, and we…
Make it active and come back. Have we not adjusted as part of the HRD?
Which one?
Yeah, great path. All the questions that you're getting.
Have we not addressed this as part of the HED?
No, HLD, whatever, this was not there, but these questions, I mean, this, whatever we have discussed now… How did we approve the MTR without these things?
No, it was, whatever the basic flow only, we have captured in HLD. Whatever you play, whatever you have, implemented, you have captured in the HLD. But we don't write HLD for only one section of the behavior, right? HLD is all-inclusive.
HLD has the… I mean, we have agreed upon that. For Q1, we will go only this, behavior.
Yeah, currently, we have… we had not disposed on the HA department.
This is Q1 scope. Not for the documentation part? Yeah, that is fantastic, yes.
Thank you, Pardo.
Oh, yeah, that's what it is.
Major vacation?
No, no, OEMH is currently not there, right? Yeah, that's why it's whatever this commence. I understand that part. My point is…
How consciously are we calling this design?
to be not requiring major rewrite if I bring in OAMH.
Thank you.
Neeve.
That is, like, we are… I don't think the really major thing, but this… that we are… Not, I don't think. That night has passed. Yeah, that's…
Currently, we have not checked the OEMHS perspective, but yes, we need to.
Okay, guys, this is what we were talking about in the last one.
Right? Where the state of Omnia is no more a development stage.
Right?
the gatekeepers, I would really request you guys to be really, really stringent on what functionality we are approving from a HLD perspective, because if you guys do not incorporate those safety checks.
you're exposing yourself to a very big trouble.
Right? In the field, if it breaks, imagine EAS is in progress, and you're upgrading to 2.1, and it corrupts the existing cluster.
Your recent 3 months of work.
Right?
We are no more in that, development phase.
We are in the production, for all we know. We need to really be ultra-cautious in our designs.
Okay.
We'll check OEMH if something changes.
The next step in the upgrade would be the running of the playbooks, which will take care of the update of input files and the update of internal configurations that would be explained by Mithilish.
It's…
Yeah, here we can see upgrade is successful, and we are already inside Omnia Core now.
Let's a good pass.
Yeah, you can see that metadata has been updated to 2.1, and the backup directory also has been created in the metadata.
We came outside the container, and we are just checking if the tag has been changed, and it has been changed successfully.
Also, the version also has been changed to 2.1.
Can you send that script again.
Version you can run. But one more thing I wanted to check is, like, here we have not handled its RC1, RC2. Currently, even for RC2, we are planning to give Omnia version as 2.1 only, or we want to keep it specific 2.1 RC2 only.
That is… because currently, then, every time you need to keep changing this. Is this okay, then we can do it. But this will become constant effort for every tag. So, this script…
Is, really specific.
this… White.
Because this is attached in the Omnia GitHub, that's why. So, you have already cloned the repo.
before you… Shell script is… I would save the rep. I mean, share script is actually inside the repo. That's what I'm saying. You have already thrown the repo for 2.1 when you initiate the upgrade path.
No, but that's shell scripted, but that file, you are…
So this is Dominator?
Capture America.
Okay, 13.
Gary's still thought, right?
I need to initiate an upgrade from my current installation.
Right? And current installation has no way to know what is my latest and what is available. Correct? But I can query for it.
Huh? Perfect.
No, currently we don't have that.
Begun?
We can query GitHub. Query GitHub for whatever is the latest ones available. Versions we can query.
Peyton has put this requirement for Q1.
like, how to, show, like, if there is a new machine is available, the kind of notification, right? Considering, the current site, I removed that for the keyword.
That's okay. It's already, like, requirement details. Okay, no, my thing is going a little bit more complex than just telling me that there is a new NFL version.
Right? I need to be able to display, hey, what are the… because if I'm on 2.0, and I have released 2.3,
Right? It shouldn't just say that I have a new version. If I am initiating the upgrade process, it should be able to tell you these are all the versions that are available for you.
Why do we throw it in the code?
Booty.
Okay, I think this speakers and all that conversation. Ravi, I think we need to be able to…
more, if there's a requirement, then we need to see how we need to…
We need to notify customer training. Notification will be possible, but I think upgrade for upgrade only. Look at it this way, right? Look at it this way. It could be a simple command in my current installation, which I run before I clone.
Right? Which can go and come back and say, hey, if it has net connectivity, assume that OEM has net connectivity.
it should be able to say, from the metadata that is there in the GitHub repo, what are the options available, and is there any R dependency on, I can't go from N to N plus 2, or N plus 3, or N plus 1 only?
those kind of patches available. That information I should be able to query.
Before I even clone the code.
My point, Pilty, is no, it's not about gathering these thoughts. These are not new thoughts.
So, Ethan…
Yeah, that's right. Actually, because of the… before we go write code for these things, we should think about these things, right?
No, that is… that is true, Dr. Viscent. I'm not seeing that mindset that, hey, I will…
thing from this perspective, we have… we do not have these capabilities today, right? That I am not seeing. That's where I'm looking for.
There is a time crunch also. Time trench is there, boss. I'm not saying that we covered all of that yesterday. What I'm saying is, are we considering those, requirements? Where are they considered?
For the, customer marketing consequences.
There is a reflection.
That's what I'm saying we need that discussion, separately, to understand exactly what is Mansion.
Okay, and to answer the first question, yes, that requirement is considered, but, we've talked about fear and scale.
That's fine. If you have considered it, fine. It is considered.
Okay, now inside the 2.1 core container.
We can see the input file has not been changed yet, because it is part of the second stage where we run a playbook.
Where the user has to run a playbook.
And also, the backup directory is also created inside the container, where 2.2 inputs are stored.
So this is the… this is one of the input files which is present in the backup directory.
Now, the user has to go to the upgrade folder.
And has to run, has to, run this command, for the second stage to occur, which will basically migrate the input files and the config files, which are present in 2.0 and, 2.1.
We can't be taking backup of the original input files in the container that I am upgrading. That folder is NFL share.
Currently, all that input, everything is in NFL share. That's what we, I mean, we have discussed.
That's what it is… it's a different directory than Fisher.
Okay.
Not that, right? It's like I'm sitting on the tree branch, and I'm cutting the tree.
I'm cutting the branch at the root.
So, this is a 2.1 code? This is a 2.1 container running, right? 2.1 container, correct? Correct. So, I am in the new tree, and restoring the leaves on the tree.
That I planted now.
So, is the container running? Container is running. Container is running, now we are copying the old files. Old input files to new.
Why do I need to bring… why do I need to stack the container for me to restore the input files for that container?
No, no, because we need to transform the… there are a lot of inputs we have introduced in 2.1, which is not there in 2.0, we need to move that info.
Yeah.
Yup.
So, actually, our workflow is tied up with Omnia Core, our current 2. Our complete Omnia… every Omnia workflow is tied up with Omnia Core currently.
I think we need acceptance.
I think it should be part of your…
See, this is like I brought my new engine, I have replaced my new engine, and I need to swap out some, no fuel injection system into that while riding that vehicle.
I should prepare the new vehicle, I would say, before I start up the new vehicle. This is like you're driving the container, new container, and you are, you know, changing the spark plug, or you're replacing the carburetor, or something, by replacing the input file.
Then this thought process coming under the user behavior, like, well then, we really need to give this to the user.
Yes, yep. The same processes are opted for up in the NFL.
So if we say that we can't do that naturally, we have to have the same flow for the pastel.
let's, in the interest of time, let's… I'll park my questions, I won't ask any more questions, but I think there is a basic disconnect in what I think, because my worry is.
if I am modifying the input files that drive the behavior of the container, right, in runtime, yeah, I'm taking 2.0 input parameters that were stored, and I am updating that to 2.1 state. That is because of…
Yep.
Yeah, that… whatever… this is further upgraded.
Yeah.
Because otherwise, user has to fill all the input which he already filled in 2.0 again in 2.1. That's right.
If I cannot do this input parameter update.
Update of the input parameters for the subsequent containers.
I should not even go through with the, you know, upgrade process. I should check that before I initiate this upgrade to 2.1 from 2.0, if there is a chance of any of the input parameters that I am modifying.
If it is going to break the building of some other container that is dependent and will be started from OAM Core, right, then we should not even go through the whole upgrade process. It's a two-step process, that's what we told you, yeah. I think we are out of that.
they're not on the same Keep going.
After the input migration is done, the user will be provided with details regarding how he has to re-provision the clusters, and what steps he has to follow next. So, here you can see,
the user has info about what new fields have been added in the input files in 2.1 format, and what he has to go and change manually. And after that, what he has to do to reprovision the cluster, like running local repo, then build image.
Then discovery.
So this is a mandatory step that we need to rebuild after every upgrade.
I mean, for… it is not mandatory for now, what is happening? We are not… for now, for Q1 specifically, we are not supporting, any other upgrade than core container. So, already cluster is up means you are actually… if I told you how to use cluster, we have an add node feature, or some new feature we are using. So, ideally, you have to…
Completely reprovisioned the cluster, to… Use that, because,
We cannot have… we have not done any framework from 2.0 to do this one.
Because only core container we are fetching. We don't know the state of other container or cluster, what will happen.
Because the scope is limited to core container this time. That is, input is of… input only, it will change now, but I'm telling, if you want to…
we do something on your cluster. If your cluster is idle, it is okay, you can keep continuing your cluster, but if I told you you need to use any of the 2.1 features, you need to re-provision the cluster.
If you want to use… let's aware that, you know, we are upgrading OpenChim here as well.
We either have to color all the input OIM again.
And I can later on that, it'll come in upgrade only. This playbook only will do that old thing.
The same playbook. See, the reason why you're getting so many questions is upgrade is a very convoluted part.
Right? It's a very tricky one to get, first time correct.
Yeah. Right? So, you will get a lot more questions as we continue to do this. And some of them are round questions, some of them are missing gaps, right? Both are there. Yes. Okay? So, it's not like we have done a bad job. We have done a great job, but
some of the things that we need to think through before we walk down that path, because once we put on 2.1,
You're setting stone in a way of how to expect upgrades.
Right? We want to be clear before this goes out, what are those things, and how it will impact your next upgrade from N+, no, from 2.1 to 2.2. That we need to think through.
Okay? That's why you're getting a lot of the questions.
I think I will say that word 2, 3, 4 is not needed, because he knows already what to do with that.
That does not change, right? No, we are telling you, you don't need to run Prefer OEM. What all the steps you need to follow? If you see obtainer and all are the new features which came.
So, if you wanted to do some new feature, then he has to run the local rep onboard. So, for that, we give on that, okay, there should be a summary, what we have updated, and all that thing.
So, anything what we do on OIM, right? Let's say open Chinese upgrade, or bulk upgrade, or ARP upgrade, we'll say that only this is upgraded. Now, with the wrong user flow, that will never change. And this is the next step after upgrader. Why am I putting open up again? Because for new features.
It's not mandated. For new features. If you are asking to run all of this, that is as good as the installation. For new features?
If I want to use something, for example, if I have red something, then I'll run local for now. You can't force me to run local… No, no, no. We are not forcing if we…
Anyway, that's what… in case if you want your information. You don't have to say that.
You know what? But even another thing, right? People get… we get a question.
22.60.
We get questions like that, Sujit, like.
So we can mention, like, I think that's why you return, re-provision the cluster, if at all. We can make it as optional there. Yeah. You're feeling that I have to run everything. No, we'll keep it as optional. We will make it as optional.
Now, it is not the… I'm telling…
to run all the playbooks in sequence. Let's say that's under the… No, no, no, no.
Yeah, that's what we want.
See that? When I run, upgrade LEGO to do whatever it wants.
But the log scheme you don't prepare while local record, that is?
A local rep… this cluster reprovision is very suitable. By the way, both…
Downloading the packages. It doesn't do anything with the pump.
Okay, I think we invested time.
So you can finish slowly.
Huh.
Didn't play?
But… Yeah.
Please be explicit which directions you are talking about, because you are using NFS for many things. We are for your backup, you are using… simply derogatory enough for everything to do by itself. Okay. So be explicit.
Okay, this message will revisit the rest of the pictures, but just one question. I run that over in our message again.
take what you say, and… It will tell already upgraded. That will come. Captured.
Okay, excellent.
This saves the nation ever been.
Here we can see that inputs have been updated, and in 2.1, IB network is a new thing which comes in network spec, and it is set to default, and user is given, you know, what new things have been added.
Which you have seen in a previous message before.
Oh.
This is another input file, where config sources… another way of, you know, mentioning config sources has been added.
Password data back.
Can you continue?
For the rollback, thing, the same, command would be there, omnia.ssh-rollback, which, gets… which lists, again, they are all the available versions which can be rollbacked.
And, user has to select for which version he is getting rolled, rolling back, and then it is again asking user approval, to roll back again.
And then the directory, and then it will stop the Omnia Core Container 2.1 container.
It's the one for which we just went back, right? There will be no other versions of… But we are just displaying the version.
To do this.
Now, if you choose to go and press 1, and press 2, Right? If he's a bat.
Though you may… if they have operated more than one batch, you may want to roll back some clients.
step.
Positive… Awesome. Today, we want to enforce that, so that we have a little bit before control.
But I think they'll put the foundation, too.
Mop, skip, and jump, if possible.
But we won't recommend that.
One step backwards at a time. Like, one at a time.
Okay, so it should be there. So, will you go inside again, you expect to run some left playbook?
Rollback is a one-step process. How inputs will be restored? It's already a backup folder, it's already there.
Take time.
That's the book.
Backup will be present? Where all the input files and everything will be present. I think there is some discrepancy we discussed. Also, we need to explicitly take care the way you're doing the enrollment.
I'll tell you, I'll do that.
We're following up evening.
Because, there are new input parameters we introduced. To execute further, features, then why you want to copy? No, no, no, then your cluster is in dangling stage. Whatever the default input and the actual input user has given is in backup folder.
That's why… No, it's implicit. That has to happen implicit. That's what I'm saying. Currently, it is, we have one playbook, that is. Yeah.
Once you are inside, everything should be the latest. From there, you take it to start the playing on the… Currently, there is one playbook to do that. It's possible to do that? I tell you how to do that.
That's it.
And then, let's say, in the rollback here, I have the problem. On the upgrade field, something fails, then they would go back to the previous session.
That can be anything, let's add an online feature. I want to roll back, right?
We can go back to detail.
You want to see that error message, or we'll continue the next one?
Like, scenarios, like, upgrade is run twice.
So, we have just captured the conflict between two upgrades. In… if a user is running
upgrades, when one CLI and there, again, one more user or the admin would be running one more upgrade, it would, in parallel.
It is a conflict between when an install is running and other install is running. When two upgrades are running, it would say that an upgrade is already being done, no?